
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# Scripts

Below are descriptions of each script (organized under the subfolders
within this folder).

## Simulations

1.  `popvar_gencor_simulation.R` - script to run a simulation in which
    the accuracy to predict the genetic correlation, genetic variance,
    and mean of potential crosses is assessed over varying conditions.
2.  `popvar_gencor_recurrent_selection_simulation.R` - script to run a
    simulation in which different methods of selecting crosses (genetic
    correlation, cross mean, or random) are compared for their affect on
    the response to selection of multiple traits.
3.  `run_simulations.sh` - a shell script that runs simulations scripts
    \#1 and \#2 above by submitting a batch job to the Minnesota
    Supercomputing Institute. You will need to modify this script for
    your own system.
4.  `gencor_simulation_analysis.R` - analyzes the results from the
    simulations in scripts \#1 and \#2 above.

## PhenotypicAnalysis

1.  `phenotypic_correlation)analysis.R` - estimates the genetic
    correlation in the training population and each of the validation
    families. Relies on data from a related project ([see
    here](https://github.com/UMN-BarleyOatSilphium/PopVarVal/tree/master/Data)).

## Predictions

1.  `popvar_deterministic_comparison.R` - script that provides an
    example comparison of the predictions generated by the
    simulation-based software
    [`PopVar`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/PopVar/index.html)
    and those generated by the deterministic formula outlined in the
    article.
2.  `popvar_predictions.R` - generate predictions using the package
    `PopVar`.
3.  `run_predictions.sh` - shell script to run the
    `popvar_predictions.R` script. Formatted for execution on the
    Minnesota Supercomputing Institute. You will need to modify this
    script for your own system.
4.  `correlation_prediction_analysis.R` - analysis of the predictions
    from `PopVar` generated by script \#2.
5.  `correlation_prediction_accuracy_analysis.R` - calculation and
    analysis of prediction accuracy.
